41 lines
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder . . .
3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
Every morning is the dawn of a new error.
For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone . . .
I used up all my sick days so I'm calling in dead.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
Ever stop to think and forget to start again?
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
It's not hard to meet expenses; they're everywhere.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Demons are a ghoul's best friend.
Dain bramaged.
Department of Redundancy Department
Headline: Bear Takes Over Disneyland in Pooh d'Etat!
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Computers are not intelligent; they only think they are.
My software never has bugs; it just develops random features.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
Error, File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
24 hours in a day . . . 24 beers in a case . . . coincidence?
Windows: Just another pane in the glass.
Who's General Failure and why's he reading my disk?
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue . . .
ACSII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
"640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates, 1981
Hit any user to continue.
Will the information highway have any rest stops?