40 lines
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day.  And  tomorrow isn't looking good either.
I don't have an attitude problem. You have a perception  problem.
Everyone has a right to be stupid. Some just abuse the  privilege.
Young at Heart. Slightly Older in Other Places.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and  I  thought to myself, "Where the hell is the ceiling?!"
Show me a man with both feet firmly on the ground, and I will show you a man who can't get his pants off!
Motherhood: Another reason why we need God's constant help.
Time is Nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't  happen at  once.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can avoid doing  altogether.
I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they  make as  they go flying by.
Inflexibility is the hallmark of the Tiny Mind.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how do you explain whales?
My heart's in the right place. I know, 'cuz I hid it there...
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted...
The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you  win, you're still a rat.
Am I getting smart with you? How would you know?
Not one shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious.
I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
I put the "fun" in dysfunctional.
All I ask is that you treat me no differently than you would the Queen.
Does "anal retentive" have a hyphen?
My Reality Check bounced.
I get plenty of exercise -- jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines.
On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape key.
The Truth is Out There. So what are you doing Here?!
Please, Lord, let me prove that winning the lottery won't spoil me.
Does vacuuming count as Aerobic Exercise?
I have not yet begun to procrastinate.
Sweat is nature's way of showing you your muscles are crying.
I don't suffer from stress. I'm a carrier.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
Just remember, no matter where you go, there you are!
It is much easier to apologize than to ask permission.
There are two rules for ultimate success in life. 1) Never tell everything you know.
Just because you're paranoid, it doesn't mean they're NOT out to get you...
When I get to where I'm going, will somebody please tell me where I am?
Tell me what you need, and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will Whiz on your computer.
Someday you'll look back on all this and plow into a parked car