72 lines
"Good judgment comes from experience, and often experience comes from bad judgment." Rita Mae Brown, b. 1944, American writer
"Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own mind." Franklin Delano Roosevelt (1882-1945), 32nd US President
"Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech." Martin Fraquhar Tupper (1810-89)
"One thorn of experience is worth a whole wilderness of warning." James Russel Lowell (1819-91), American editor, poet
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." Victor Borge (b. 1909), Danish-born American pianist, comedian.
"A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he's braver for five minutes longer." Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It's the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can do only a little. Do what you can." Sydney Smith
"Not being able to do everything is no excuse for not doing everything you can." Ashleigh Brilliant
"The greatest of faults, is to be conscious of none." Thomas Carlyle
"Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it." Sir Winston Churchill
"Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together." Woodrow Wilson
"Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men! Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers. Pray for power equal to your tasks." Phillips Brooks (1835-93), American Episcopal bishop.
"Believe in miracles but don't depend on them." H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
"Of all manifestations of power, restraint impresses men the most." Thucyclides
"We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too." Helen Hayes (b. 1900), American actress, Academy Award winner
"The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress." Charles Franklin Kettering (1876-1958), American engineer
"What ought a man to be? Well, my short answer is himself." Henrik Ibsen (1828-1906), Norwegian playwright
"The only place where you would find success before work is in the dictionary." May B. Smith
"The mere sense of living is joy enough." Emily Dickinson
"Life is not a laughing matter - but can you imagine having to live without laughing?" Leonard Sukhoru Kou
"Lack of will power has caused more failure than lack of intelligence or ability." Flower A. Newhouse
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." Bill Cosby
"Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one." Marcus Aurelius
"People may not remember exactly what you did, or what you said, but they will always remember how you made them feel."
"One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say." William James "Will" Durant (1885-1981), American historian
"What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal." Albert Pike (1809-91)
"The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones." John Maynard Keynes (1883-1946), British economist
"I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate." George Burns (1896-1996), American actor, author
"Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy." Robert Newton Anthony (b. 1916), American writer
What we see depends mainly on what we look for." Sir John Lubbock (1834-1913), British banker, politician.
"Always forgive your enemies, nothing annoys them more." Oscar Wilde
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling down, but in rising everytime we fall." Confucious
"The most important thing about having goals is having one." Geoffrey F. Abert
"There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will." Epictetus (AD 55?-135?), Greek Stoic philosopher
"Always do right; this will gratify some people and astonish the rest" Mark Twain
"Constant dripping hollows out a stone" Lecretius
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration." Thomas Edison
"Be like a postage stamp. Stick to one thing until you get there." Josh Billings
"Good manners sometimes means simply putting up with other people's bad manners." H. Jackson Browne
"The best thing about animals is that they don't talk much." Thorton Wilder
"Throw your heart over the fence and the rest will follow." Norman Vincent Peale
"Before we blame, we should first see if we can't excuse." G. C. Lichtenberg
"He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense." Joseph Conrad
"Without music, life would be a mistake." Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900)
"Our imagination is the only limit to what we can hope to have in the future." Charles F. Kettering
"When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision." Lord Falkland's Rule
"The man who lives in the past, robs the present." Unknown
"If humanity profits from its mistakes, we have a glorious future coming up." Sidney Hook
"You cannot make your candle brighter by blowing someone else's out." Unknown
"Tomorrow is not promised to anybody." George Jackson
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty" Winston Churchill
"A person starts to live when he can live outside himself" Albert Einstein
"History is made at night. Character is what you are in the dark" Lord John Whorfin
"It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them" Alfred Adler"
"I'm a great believer in luck, and I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it" Thomas Jefferson
"Ideas won't keep. Something has to be done about them" Alfred North Whitehead
"He who limps is still walking" Stanislaw J. Lec
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him" David Brinkley
"A life without cause is a life without effect" Barbarella
"A pint of sweat saves a gallon of blood" George S. Patton
"Truth often suffers more by the heat of its defenders than the arguments of its opponents." Sir William Penn (1621-70), English admiral
"All virtue is summed up in dealing justly." Aristotle (384-322 BC), Greek philosopher
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." Albert Einstein
"Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them." James Arthur Baldwin (1924-87), American writer
"I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain." James Arthur Baldwin (1924-87), American writer
"The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." Paul Ambroise Valery (1871-1945), French poet
"Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." Buddha (563?-483? BC), [Siddhartha Gautama] Indian
"A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort." Herm Albright
"It takes 20 years to make an overnight success." Eddie Cantor (1892-1964), American entertainer
"Too bad that all the people who know how to run the country are busy driving taxicabs and cutting hair." George Burns (1896-1996), American actor, author,
"The part can never be well unless the whole is well." Saul Bellow (b. 1915), Canadian-born American writer
"You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough."