26 = Number of quotes. Please keep this accurate if you add/change/remove quotes!!
Those who think they know, know nothing. Thought is not big enough for truth!
Only when we know a little thing do we know anything! Doubt grows with knowledge.
"Atoms are not things!" - Werner Heisenberg
Whomever controls their minds and has cut off desire and anger, realises the self.
Shut your mouth, close your lips and say something!
When we cannot find peace within, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
The end of knowledge is to arrive at the beginning.
In a snowfall that covers the winter grass, a white heron uses his own whiteness to dissapear.
All things in this world are impermanent.
Be empty, that is all. The perfect mind is like a mirror - chasing nothing, welcoming nothing, responding but not storing.
Everything you know is wrong!
"I would believe only is a god who could dance." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Seriousness is the only refuge of the shallow." - Oscar WIlde
"And a man shall be free when he has nothing, wants nothing and knows nothing." - Meister Eckhart
Words, like eyeglasses, blur everything they do not make clear.
"Nirvana is right here, before our eyes." - Hakuin
We need to find God, and He cannot be found in noise and restlessness." - Mother Teresa
The quiter you become, the more you can hear.
"An intense love of solitude, distaste for involvement in wordly affairs, persistence in knowing the self and awareness of the goal of knowing - all this is true knowledge." - The Bhagavad Gita
Fundamentally not one thing exists.
I want to sing like birds sing, not worrying who hears or what they think.
Chaos often breeds life, where order breeds habit.
"And when you get there, there isn't any there there!" - Gertrude Stein
"The quest for certainty blocks the serach for meaning. Uncertainty is the very condition to impel man to unflod his powers." - Erich Fromm
"All great truths   in as blasphemies." - George Bernard Shaw
"And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time." - T.S. Elliot
"Nothing is more important that what does not exist."
